<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<title>About the Authors</title>
<link href="WileyTemplate_v5.5.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:57d469d3-a1d3-48bd-8447-18ce82f57cc2" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body epub:type="frontmatter">
<section aria-labelledby="f05_1" epub:type="contributors">
<header>
<h1 id="f05_1"><span aria-label="xi" epub:type="pagebreak" id="Page_xi" role="doc-pagebreak"/><span id="fm4"/>About the Authors</h1>
</header>
<section aria-label="chapter opening">
<p id="ffirs-para-0037"><b>Mike Chapple, Ph.D., Security+, CySA+, CISSP</b>, is author of the best-selling <i>CISSP (ISC)</i><sup>2</sup> <i>Certified Information Systems Security Professional Official Study Guide</i> (Sybex, 2021) and the <i>CISSP (ISC)</i><sup>2</sup> <i>Official Practice Tests</i> (Sybex, 2021). He is an information security professional with two decades of experience in higher education, the private sector, and government.</p>
<p id="ffirs-para-0038">Mike currently serves as Teaching Professor in the IT, Analytics, and Operations department at the University of Notre Dame's Mendoza College of Business, where he teaches undergraduate and graduate courses on cybersecurity, data management, and business analytics.</p>
<p id="ffirs-para-0039">Before returning to Notre Dame, Mike served as executive vice president and chief information officer of the Brand Institute, a Miami-based marketing consultancy. Mike also spent four years in the information security research group at the National Security Agency and served as an active duty intelligence officer in the U.S. Air Force.</p>
<p id="ffirs-para-0040">Mike is technical editor for <i>Information Security Magazine</i> and has written more than 25 books. He earned both his B.S. and Ph.D. degrees from Notre Dame in computer science and engineering. Mike also holds an M.S. in computer science from the University of Idaho and an MBA from Auburn University. Mike holds the Cybersecurity Analyst+ (CySA+), Security+, Certified Information Security Manager (CISM), Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP), and Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) certifications.</p>
<p id="ffirs-para-0041">Learn more about Mike and his other IT certification materials at his website, <code><a href="http://certmike.com">CertMike.com</a></code>.</p>
<p id="ffirs-para-0042"><b>David Seidl, CySA+, CISSP, Pentest+</b>, is Vice President for Information Technology and CIO at Miami University, where he leads an award-winning team of IT professionals. During his IT career, he has served in a variety of technical and information security roles, including serving as the Senior Director for Campus Technology Services at the University of Notre Dame, where he co-led Notre Dame's move to the cloud and oversaw cloud operations, ERP, databases, identity management, and a broad range of other technologies and services. He also served as Notre Dame's Director of Information Security and led Notre Dame's information security program. He has taught information security and networking undergraduate courses as an instructor for Notre Dame's Mendoza College of Business. David is a best-selling author who specializes in cybersecurity certification and cyberwarfare and has written over 20 books on the topic.</p>
<p id="ffirs-para-0043">David holds a bachelor's degree in communication technology and a master's degree in information security from Eastern Michigan University, as well as CISSP, CySA+, Pentest+, GPEN, and GCIH certifications.</p>
</section>
</section>
</body>
</html>